in this video I'm going to share with
you the six steps to become a full-time
content creator the first step that I'm
going to recommend for you is to pick
one platform and build on that one
platform I would recommend picking the
platform that best suits your skill set
if you're really great at long form
videos I would recommend YouTube if
you're great at making short form
engaging vertical videos then I would
recommend Instagram reels or Tick Tock
if you're someone who's great at spoken
audio and you love recording your own
voice then I would recommend podcasting
if you're great at copyright then I
would recommend LinkedIn or Twitter once
you pick your specific platform there's
going to be different growth strategies
that work on that specific app but the
one universal truth is it all starts
with Niche you have to identify the
niche that you're going to be posting
about and essentially what a niche is is
it's a topic for your account it's a
problem that your content is going to be
addressing or it's a topic that your
content is going to be made for and when
I talk about Niche I think of it in two
parts part of your Niche is the group of
people you're going to be posting
content for and the other part of your
Niche is the topic or the subject that
you're going to be posting about step
two is to start with affiliate marketing
as you start posting content on this
platform and slowly growing your
following you can start using affiliate
marketing to make money and introduce
your followers what it's like when you
promote and recommend different products
and services and the great thing about
affiliate marketing is that then step
three to becoming a full-time content
creator is you can leverage affiliate
marketing into brand Partnerships brand
Partnerships are basically where brands
are partnering with you paying you a fee
to post content and oftentimes it's
really beneficial if when you're
reaching out to a brand you can reach
out and say hey look I posted this
Instagram story it had 100 viewers and I
used an affiliate link of those 100
viewers 40 of them clicked on the link
35 of them purchased using the link and
it generated you three hundred dollars
in sales from my 100 story viewers I
would love it if you sponsored one of my
Instagram reels which on average reaches
four times the amount of people as my
Instagram stories and then I could
promote your product or service in that
video now of course that was just an
example but you can see how using
affiliate marketing provides you with
proof when you're reaching out to Brands
to schedule and create brand
Partnerships once you start to have
brand Partnerships and you start working
with different companies creating
advertisements for them you can then use
that to leverage
ugc deals for the brands
ugc stands for user generated content
and essentially once you're starting to
make successful ads once you're starting
to make sponsored content for different
companies and Brands now these Brands
can use you as basically an actor in
their videos so you don't have to
constantly be promoting these brands on
your own channel you can be paid by them
to create content for them because just
as you need content yourself for your
own social networks these Brands and
companies also need content for their
own channels and they want you one of
their users one of their people who is
already a customer to create that
content for them and they'll pay you to
do it and I want to say that from step
three and step four alone you can make
tens of thousands if not hundreds of
thousands of dollars every single month
as a content creator now of course when
you first get started it's going to be
tough you're probably not going to be
making eighty thousand dollars off of
brand deals after posting a few tick
tocks but after months if not years of
consistently creating content your brand
Partnerships can get to that level but
before you're getting paid for user
generated content you're going to have
to first get paid for brand Partnerships
and before you get paid for brand
Partnerships you're probably going to
have to accept some free product in
exchange for brand Partnerships and
before you start accepting free product
for brand Partnerships you have to start
promoting the brands on your own with
affiliate marketing now step five could
actually come as step two and that's
enabling in-app payments as soon as
you're eligible I recommend turning on
and accepting in-app payments on
Instagram it's reals bonuses on Tick
Tock it's the tick tock Creator fund and
on YouTube it's YouTube AdSense and
essentially what these are is you
getting paid for the amount of views
that you're getting on your video so as
soon as you're eligible I recommend
turning on these functions and then my
sixth step for you to turn content
creation into a full-time job is to
introduce exclusive content now this is
something that you could do earlier on
but I usually recommend having at least
a few thousand if not a few hundred
thousand followers before introducing
exclusive content and that's because
Studies have shown that usually only one
to two percent of your general public
audience is going to want your exclusive
content so if you only have 100
followers and you only get one to two of
those followers to pay you for your
exclusive content you're probably not
going to be making that much money from
it but exclusive content be it on
patreon on YouTube on Instagram or on
only fans can provide a serious source
of income for Content creators the
bottom line though is that it's all
going to come back to consistency Rome
wasn't built in a day and neither will a
full-time job as a content creator it
takes time you have to build your way up
unfortunately you're probably not going
and start out with a six figure or five
figure or four figure salary as a
content creator as you continue to post
content you'll continue to grow your
following grow your community and you'll
continue to grow the amount of brand
deals ugc and other income streams that
you can create from being a content
creator it takes time but it can be a
wildly successful and wildly rewarding
career path thank you so much for
watching this video I really do
appreciate it and please consider
pressing the Subscribe Button as well if
you found this educational